\section{Architectural tactics}
\label{sec:architecturaltactics}

\subsection{Modifiability} 
We plan to make modifications to our game either during the project lifecycle,
or after the project is finished. It is therefore important to focus on
modifiability from the beginning, and maintain this focus throughout the
development lifecycle. We have chosen the Model-View-Controller pattern, since
it separates logic and the user interface in a useful manner. This separation
will give higher modifiability.

\subsection{Testability}
Separating the user interface from the logic will make it easier to test
components during development. We will also separate the server from the
client in order to test scalability and server performance under expected and
heavy load.

\subsection{Availability} 
The game logic runs locally on each device, but relies on an internet
connection to join games with other players. The multiplayer experience is
achieved by setting up the server as a RESTful web service, providing the
client with its required data. Each player will get their own shuffled board
when entering a game. The server will also keep all the players updated about
the game state by sending a notification whenever someone wins the game.

\subsection{Performance}
Our system will consist of a remote server together with local clients and the
communication between players will be handled by the server. Because of this,
when measuring performance, we will have to determine the system's reliability
when heavy loading and time-critical response requirements are involved.

Data transfer has to be set to a minimum to reduce the impact of delay between
the clients and the server. The client itself won't have much load while it's
operative, although we do have to keep in mind that the client needs an
active connection to the server while playing. Most of the challenge will
therefore be server side, mostly by handling large amount of users and network
loads.

\subsection{Usability} 
We will make our best efforts in order to follow the guidelines for Android
user interfaces design, in order to make the game intuitive for users. Since our
target audience are experienced smartphone users, it will be necessary to have
a nice and understandable user interface.
